The story we wrote has some rude language, which we (I, Dusty) originally chose to censor to keep our jam submission polite.
You are a biographer of the magical, mystical, miraculous, marvelous, mythical, and... mmmmspellbinding people of this world.
However.
Even though you fancy yourself rather credentialed, what with the seventeen biographies under your belt,
you are repeatedly upstaged by the charlatans in your field who insist upon filling their "books" with falsehoods and lies.
If there's anything you despise with every fiber of your being, it's lies, and liars, and also people who tell lies.
There's a lot of that in the magical community, and you find it nauseating.
You would rather die than take part!
But today is different. Today, you're meeting with one of the most notorious magicians in the magical world.
No, not the dusty one... The other one. Your paper is doing a profile on the Immortal Agent of Chaos.
It's nearly complete, except for the fact that it's nowhere near finished.
You aren't worried, though.
Okay, the deadline is this weekend and you're a little worried.
But after a few weeks of phone calls, dead-ends, and couple of desperate summoning circles, your boss finally arranged an interview with him.
You're finally going to get the truth from the man himself. So there's nothing to worry about!
Of course, you also brought the most factual encyclopedia known to magickind as supplementary material—just in case.
It's the Valkyrie Order's Compendium of Known Agitators.
But you're sure you won't need it.
You can reference the compendium at any point during the game by clicking the book icon in the top left corner.
He sits in front of you expectantly.
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me today.
He casually waves you off.
I didn't have anything better to do.
Really?
Nope. Take as much time as you need. As much time as you need...
!?
Suddenly, you feel a lot more confident! But...
It seems unlikely that someone as busy as he is has "nothing better to do." He's not messing with you, or...?
It's an honor to meet you, sir.
Really. An honor? "Sir?"
Yes! Actually...
I'm a little starstruck, I have to admit...
Huh. I didn't realize I had a... following.
Your face runs hot and you absentmindedly start fanning yourself.
You start to wonder how his lashes are so long... and supple... when it hits you:
He "didn't realize" he had a following? How could he not know?
Is he...
lying?
You pay it no mind.
You clear your throat and shake your head. Now is not the time to get distracted. You have a job to do!
You might be the first person to ever get the full story out of such a slippery and elusive figure.
You said that out loud.
Hm?
He doesn't react.
You clear your throat (again).
The magician leans back in his chair and crosses one leg over another, resting his hands on one knee.
...Seeing him relax makes you relax, as well.
Let's just start with a basic background...
As we both know, you are an immortal warlock, the Agent of Chaos-
You can call me Ed.
Ed.
Yes.
Just... Ed?
Mm-hm.
You are thinking about something already...
No. Obviously.
You're joking, right?
Madam.
I think if you stick around you will find that I am a very funny guy...
But I don't joke about my name.
Well... what is your real name?
We can...
save that one for later, can we?
Oh, all right...
"Ed" cannot possibly be his real name. But you're sure he has his reasons...
You think about your deadline again and realize you need to cut back on some of your questions.
I need to cut back on some of these questions.
Right, that's... what I said?
See, now he's looking at you funny.
Don't bite your lip!
He's reciprocating. Unbelievable.
Anyway.
What was your upbringing like?
Harrowing.
Oh...
Don't be. 
I'm evil.
You furrow your brow in concern, or is it fear?
You're not sure why it would be either because you already knew he was a warlock.
That was supposed to be a joke.
Oh.
He chuckles at your blasé response.
At our paper, we call warlocks with good childhoods, "priests."
He snorts, then covers his mouth to keep the giggles at bay.
I mean, it's true. And they certainly aren't immortal like me.
...
He seems to be charmed by your response...
...
You feel like you've endeared yourself to him.
...
You feel like you've regained his favor.
You've definitely lost your favor with him.
...
He seems offended.
You haven't lost all of your goodwill yet, though.
He's starting to get testy...
Would you say your nature as a Virgo started you down the path of dark magic?
Hold up. I'm not a Virgo.
Your entry on the Valkyrie Compendium of Known Agitators has your star sign listed as Virgo.
Well it's wrong.
What are you gonna do, argue with me? It's wrong.
I wasn't born in freaking September.
He acts like one, anyhow.
I would rather not contradict the Order of the Valkyries.
That's fine. But I'm not no damn Virgo.
When were you born, then?
October 9. Write that down.
You scratched out Virgo and wrote Libra.
Now that that's out of the way- 
A September birthday... "Virgo." Tchhhhhhhh... A September birthday?
I'm sorry, you can continue.
He reaches out, as if to put his hand on yours, but your chairs are too far apart. You nod and smile.
Okay.
Where did you get that sleek, luxurious jacket?
Oh, this? It's designer.
You stare at him. He stares at you.
You stare at him... He stares at you.
Which... designer?
Rick... Owens...?
You stare at him some more. He cocks his head.
You narrow your eyes...
What?
Seriously? We just started.
Right. Sorry.
It probably is designer.
You look back down at your notes and shake your head.
Nothing. Never mind.
...
He's looking directly at you.
What, you like it or something?
You might?
Okay, I mess with it.
Ooookay.
You let out a breath.
Well.
Now that that's out of the way, I wanted to get into the big discussion.
You know, the question I'm sure everyone's always wanted to ask you-
What my involvement was with all those divorces in the 1920s?
E-excuse me?
Oh, you want to know how many Ph.Ds I have.
I mean, no. Sorry.
I didn't mean to yell.
You can yell. If you want to.
Like... like, at you?
At anyone. At me, too. If I'm being a bonehead.
You can.
His nonchalance was charming before, but now it's starting to throw you off your game.
It's time to tap in.
Okay.
I mean, that's not what I meant to ask you.
Go on.
I might.
You stare at him. He stares you.
You stare at him... He stares at you.
You... are starting to get tired of this.
Hey.
Stop starin' at me with those big old eyes.
You try batting your eyelashes with what you think is a coquettish expression.
You're not sure if it came off as such or if it was more of a drunken hand-eye coordination exercise.
You decide to move on.
My question—it's fairly straightforward—I want to know just how you became an immortal wizard!
Mm.
It's one of my favorite questions.
Of all the fine, magically-inclined folks I've interviewed, I've always asked the same question, but I've never gotten the same answer!
Well, if you wanna hear about that...
He uncrosses his legs, leaning forward with his elbows now resting on his knees.
You find yourself leaning forward as well, pulled into his vortex, his magnetic field.
You are about to hear A Story.
I had just gotten my first Ph.D—theology. I wasn't religious, but there weren't many options back in those days.
Which days?
It was when I turned thirty in 1430. Pretty easy to remember, right?
Thirty.
Right. Of course.
And just how long have you been thirty, hm?
Since... 14...30.
Oh. Oh yeah.
Carry on.
My girlfriend at the time wanted to try out some different waters, and especially different fish.
So with my studies finished, we figured it would be the perfect time to try somewhere new, and we swam up to Portugal.
That sounds so romantic!
Wait... what do you mean you swam to Portugal?
Well, you see, swimming is when you place your legs in the water and-
I know what swimming is.
You do? So why did you ask?
You don't want to enter another staring contest with him, so you carefully consider how you're going to phrase this.
You carefully consider how you're going to phrase this.
Magical types can be such volatile personalities, and if you happen to offend the most important interview of your career, you're boned.
You CANNOT under any circumstances imply he is insane for alleging that he swam to Portugal from literally anywhere.
I mean... It's a coastal nation with pretty easy access to the sea.
That's not what I meant.
Then what did you mean?
That's... well...
You swam by yourself?
...Did I not say I was with my girlfriend?
You and your girlfriend swam??
Well yeah it's not like she could walk.
Lawyer says what?
What?
Heh. Gottem.
Sigh. He freaking got you.
So are we clear on how I got to the Kingdom of Portugal or are we still working out the mechanics of swimming?
I'm done. Let's get back on track.
You're not done!
It's just, I'm a bit confused.
By what? My ex-girlfriend and I swam to Portugal.
She's a mermaid, so it wasn't particularly difficult.
Exactly.
Correct. I had a mermaid girlfriend. There's a difference.
Who would lie about having a mermaid ex?
Many a fisherman or sailor have lied about mermaids.
Not this fisherman.
He says, pointing his thumb into his chest.
No fisherman this century would lie about having a mermaid girlfriend, let alone a mermaid ex.
These days that's just plain embarrassing.
Point taken.
Once we landed, we split up.
I wasn't in the market to fish shop, and besides, I had heard that if you aren't at least a little bit bisexual in Lisbon, they straight up kill you.
Oh. I see.
You think being bisexual wasn't invented yet.
No, I don't- I wasn't- I mean-
Wowwwwww.
He shakes his head disapprovingly.
You're bisexual!
Is it a surprise?
I thought you were just... a really sensitive guy.
I can be both.
Isn't that the point of being bi...?
So you're wandering the streets of Lisbon, waiting for your mermaid girlfriend to get fish.
And you come across some kind of powerful being, right? Another warlock, or maybe an old alchemy book?
Not quite...
I'm the Devil.
Now me, I'm an industrious guy.
I see The Devil and I think,
"how can I profit off of such a one in a lifetime chance encounter?"
There was this new economic system emerging called "capitalism," and I was dying to test it out.
I love taking advantage of emerging economic systems!
But didn't capitalism emerge in the 16th century?
Oh, you're gonna argue with the guy who was there? Is that it?
It was 1430.
And I was about to be rolling in it the way I finessed the [fword] outta that devil.
You're gonna love this. I promise.
You make a note to yourself to edit that out of the transcript...
What year was it again?
Like, 1420-something. Why?
Just checking.
You mutter something under your breath about historical revisionism.
So I see The Devil standing there on the street curb, and I know it's him because he's got these eyes like a husky.
Piercing doesn't even begin to describe it—they were glowing.
So I see him standing there with his freaky—and I mean STRANGE—bright blue glowing eyes, and I say,
"How about we make a deal... a business deal."
Also I had the slickest braids on at the time where are my braids. You gotta include the braids.
Please, sir. We didn't have the time.
So you were wearing braids. Please continue...
Right, so he's like,
I'm glad you noticed my eyes, they don't call me Big Dog for nothing bark bark am I right.
I don't think he said that... No one would respect a man called "Big Dog."
How do you know the Devil wasn't a woman, by the way?
Women can't be he/hims?
You don't even bother this time and just let him have it.
No, I- 
No? They can't!?
They can, I just- 
You don't believe in gender-nonconforming women.
Wowwwwwwww.
You stop sputtering and compose yourself.
I'm asserting myself as the interviewer and taking back control. Please continue.
Hm.
He shut up real quick.
You can't believe that worked...
So one long series of contracts and spells later, I made a deal with the devil. I got to be thirty—forever!
What did he get?
One of my Ph.Ds—the one in fisherman's science.
I worked really hard on it, but education comes and goes when you never age.
What's wrong? You look disappointed.
I have to admit that was a bit anticlimactic.
I never claimed it was climactic. That was all you.
Some of the stories about you claim to be climactic. There's about one or two for every year you've been alive.
Oh yeah? You know they're all fake, right?
How could I do that?
I don't speak Italian.
Both were started by ex-boyfriends. I guess I just inspire that in people.
Want to make the third?
Ah, well, I. Have. To be professional, you know! I can't answer that on the clock.
He leans in.
How about off the record?
Your face is getting hot again....
No..... his sweet tambour...
You must focus.....
Really? That story?
What are you, an authoritarian?
You just admitted to being a capitalist.
Game recognizes game.
Touché.
Not touché! I'm not an authoritarian!
Then don't quote authoritarians at me. That tale is Valkyrie slander.
You tap your notepad with your pen. That was... a lot.
But the specifics of the deal itself seem to be a bit thin.
You wonder if you could get him to elaborate on this later...
Do you need a moment to take that all in?
Because there's more.
To get a clearer picture of your subject, you decide to let him continue.
When you become immortal, kicking around eating fish and talking to Portuguese mermaids starts to get real old after a while, and my girlfriend could tell. 
She suggested we could swim down south, stop by Rafat or Algiers on our way to Palermo...
You know, make a vacation of it.
Aww, how sweet!
Plus The Devil kept stopping me in the street asking when our business investments were going to pay off, and I just couldn't be bothered with all that anymore.
Capital dividends stock marketing economics investiture let's circle on back stakeholders sunk cost corporate consultant-
Listen, Mr. The Devil?
Yes?
I just feel like we need to rethink our strategy.
How do you mean?
Some of these projections, they're just not synergistic.
Not synergistic? ¡Dios mío!
Dios mío, you say.
He said dios mío?
Yeah.
Okay, he was like, "Meu Deus."
Okay he was like... "Diablo mío???"
Eh. He's paraphrasing.
Anyway I was like.
"We gotta do some corporate restructuring," and stuff. "So you just sit tight...maybe do some networking???"
Eugh.
Even hearing corpo speak like that is making your mouth sticky.
He nodded along like a dog-
Right, like a husky.
And after he ran off I sold our assets and liquidated the company.
You let out an "ooooh" under your breath.
Right? I told you you'd love it.
You must have made a lot of cash from that.
I made a lot of gold...!
That must be how he can afford designer clothes...
So! I hop in my boat and we set sail. Eventually, I get to Sicily.
Just you, or you and your girlfriend?
Uh... just me.
What happened?
We got separated.
No. We got physically separated.
...Who do you think I am?
We got into a really bad shipwreck.
It was... ugly.
But you managed to survive, right?
He scoffs.
Evidently.
Anyway.
Once I arrived in Sicily, everything changed.
I couldn't find my girlfriend, the Italian mermaids wouldn't talk to me, my ship was destroyed...
I was alone and effectively homeless.
The mafia.
Really?
Those women are stone cold.
He stares past you, into the distance.
But... there was only wall behind you.
Once I managed to calm down and take a better look at my situation, I took the money I had liberated from The Devil.
I knew I needed to reinvent myself, so I decided I would do what I do best:
Now I don't like your use of the word "seduce," even if I'm flattered you think I'm good at it.
But not quite.
FOR THE RECORD, there exists no evidence of me ever having done that.
Even your book suspiciously leaves it off because they know it's a farce.
You seem to know a lot about what's in my book. Have you read it?
...He doesn't seem to want to keep talking about it.
That's right.
I needed to get an education.
See, there was some sickness going around Europe at the time—something to do with rats?
Others called it a plague.
Some would even call it... the Bubonic Plague.
Eh! Maybe. I called it...
an opportunity.
Soon enough, I had that MD under my belt. But while my academic life flourished, my romantic life flatlined.
When he looks up to make eye contact with you, you don't catch a whiff of humor or wit or perhaps even whimsy.
He looks depressed.
With the mermaid mafia having ruined any of my attempts to fraternize with both the mermaids and mermen and the townspeople not wanting to hang around somebody who just treated their neighbor for the plague,
I headed up to the big city where all the magic was happening:Florence.
The thing they don't tell you about Florence is that absolutely nobody GAF about doctors in that city.
I walked right in and those people were partying it UP—music, art, messy lesbian drama out on the streets...
Let me give you an example.
I meet this one guy. And his wife was going through labor, but the baby wouldn't come out, right?
So I offered to perform a C-section on her, and he was all like,
What's that, that's stupid.
What do you mean you cut the baby out of the womb.
Hell no.
I'm like, "But this could be the baby that kills Macbeth. Trust me."
And he was like,
Nooooo hahaha nooooo no one can kill Macbeth!
Anyway she died of sepsis.
And I thought to myself, wow.
These guys have nothing on the Ottomans.
Whatever the people thought the plague was, they were convinced it wasn't in Florence.
It was The Decameron in there.
Hm. You say this, and yet you did not meet and talk with Giovanni Boccaccio.
No. I did not.
Exactly.
Sure, I could have opened my own practice, or even found a clinic to work for, but I was lonely, and enough time had passed.
I was ready to be desirable again.
As I said before, doctors were out. What was in was inventing.
So naturally I knew I needed to invent.
I decided to take my studies to the engineering school, where I earned my next Ph.D.
It was a lot of hard work, sleepless nights...! And the mathematics and the prototypes...
You cannot let him get distracted by his postgraduate studies, so you decide to prompt him a bit.
Well, surely the access to engineering gave you social clout, right? How did that work out for you?
Oh, very well. People had the expectation when you met that you would eventually start inventing for them.
And who am I if not someone who delivers?
I don't know. You tell me!
Well!
First I caught the attention of a tailor Lenù. We had fun together.
She often complained about the knives tailors used because they snagged the fabric and I thought: "what if I combined two knives together?"
And the scissors were born.
I thought Da Vinci invented those?
Leonardo owed me money, so I let him have the patent.
What did your tailor girlfriend think of the scissors?
Oh, she loved them; her work flowed so much faster, she was the pride of tailors everywhere. But...
The problem with dating in Florence is that once you make the invention they've been waiting for, the relationship is pretty much over.
What? That's so sad...
That's just the way it was.
From Lenù, I had a lot of contacts in the textile industry. Once they saw my scissors, they were practically jumping on top of me to get their own invention.
I eventually wound up dating Lila, who owned a fabric workshop.
She was sweet, and her dream was to make cloth of intricate patterns that could rival even the paintings of the city.
After thinking long and hard about it, I invented a loom that could weave any image into cloth.
Got that one from Anansi at a trickster convention. Funny guy, but you do not want to get into a drinking competition with him.
In a way, you could say I brought the gift of weaving to mankind.
Where have I heard that before...?
Now, my greatest invention was not made for love or to impress someone.
My greatest invention was made for self-satisfaction.
I wanted to see if I could even do it.
A box that could heat anything inside it using electromagnetic radiation.
The microwave?
The one and only.
Behold my most prized possession.
...
You're kidding.
You reluctantly credit Ed with the invention of the microwave.
It took a lot of trial and error, but I'd made a working prototype.
I was ready to show it off to the world when disaster struck.
No... the mermaid mafia.
The mermaid mafia?
No, it was the merm-
Hey, you've been paying attention.
Can't imagine why.
Anyway, the mermaid mafia.
Suddenly it occurs to you...
How did the mermaid mafia get-
Hold on, hold on, I'm explaining.
They were jealous of my inventions, of the good I was bringing to humanity.
So one night they snuck into my house and raided of all my inventions... my beautiful inventions...
This was worse than the Library of Alexandria getting burned... they stole my prototypes and threw them in the sea.
But there's no-
Hey, hey, hey, I'm having a moment here.
If that wasn't enough, they also pulled out their grubby little claws and ripped everything to shreds.
Except for the bottles of nail polish, which I also invented by the way. They kept those for themselves.
If they tore apart everything, how did you manage to rescue the microwave?
At the time, I was workshopping a new magic... They call it void-hopping now, but I mainly used it for storage.
This is how I've been able to keep my lifeforce safe from fatal accidents, but it's also where I kept my microwave.
His name is Michael.
Unfortunately, at the time, my void dimension was only big enough to fit a few things.
I couldn't rescue the other inventions.
Seems awfully convenient...
But, y'know.
The proof is in the microwave.
I was furious, but what was I supposed to do?
I couldn't drag them out of the water, and I knew if I fell in, they'd tear me apart like they did the prototypes...
You would have been sleepin' with the fishies.
No, these were the fishies I wasn't sleeping with.
I mean, they would have had you sleeping with the fishies. Cuz they're the mafia.
No, they would have killed me.
That's what I meant.
????
Ohhhhhhhhhhh. I get it.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I started chucking rocks into the ocean, hoping to hit some of them.
I just don't know if-
Hang on, I gotta finish this thought.
I was yelling at the beach, grabbing whatever stones I could find and launching them at the mermaids.
The city guard didn't like that. I was causing a public disturbance, and the mermaids were lining their pockets anyway.
But there's no-
Wait wait wait, I'm almost done.
Corruption everywhere... mermaids at my back... my exes had no use for me...
It was time to get the hell out of Italy.
There. I'm done.
...Are you all right?
You look like you have a burning question.
Florence is landlocked.
Wha?
They couldn't throw your inventions into the sea.
Because there was no sea.
It was...
It was a river.
I swear it happened.
It happened, I swear.
I tell a lot of tall tales, but that was real!
It was real, I promise!
I just got it mixed up!
I can't help it, I'm old!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry.
It's no big d
I'm sorry.
It's no big deal.
You decided not to ask how the mermaid mafia got on land.
Even though you've been holding it in for so long, and it definitely would have gotten you closer to the truth...
Why did you do that?
Dummy.
You were trying to say something earlier.
I...
Don't tell me you forgot.
I forgot.
Wow. What a shame.
Do you want me to keep going? I could talk about something else.
You're starting to get a feel for the kind of person Ed is.
Scrappy, resourceful, in constant pursuit of knowledge...
...and a bit of a flirt.
Something is sticking out to you, though.
You quickly added it to your factoids.
You take him at his earlier word.
He was probably speaking to them in Latin... or something.
Go ahead.
I moved around Europe for a while, kept up to date with my medical knowledge in areas that cared about the plague.
Had some fun with Ottoman mermaids (way chiller than the Italian ones), and wizards in Saxony.
I had been wandering for some time in the Eastern or Central or perhaps even Northern regions of the continent—who's to say?
It had been years since I had any time for quiet or study, and I had heard rumblings about a very quiet castle out in the middle of nowhere.
I thought perhaps I could get a job and live a few peaceful years in the countryside.
Some guy named Napoleon was taking over half of Europe and frankly, I didn't want to get involved.
I arrived on a cold, chilly, eerie night.
When I knocked on the entrance to the castle, only one person answered...
Oh, hello, why aren't you a tall drink of water.
Did she really say that...?
Would you rather she say something like,
Come 
(wink wink) into my castle sexy warlock I will feed you grapes while I suck your blood.
Ew.
I really wouldn't.
Okay then. So when I arr-
Wait, suck your blood?
What?
Oh, yeah. She was a 
vampire.
When I arrived, Layla had just bought that castle.
She had big plans for it: a massive library, elaborate dining room, giant vat of blood in the kitchen.
She had vampires all over the place, but it wasn't too bad in the beginning...
During the day I'd sit in the library and read, 
and at night the vampires ran around doing whatever it is vampires do I really don't give a [fword2].
Okay well some vampires suck ass.
Don't ask me how I know.
You think, huh?
What else do you think in that pretty little head of yours...?
...
Anyway, she was about to start ramping things up around there. Unfortunately for me.
Edward I have a proposal for you.
Not what I'm called.
You're always going on about all those Ph.D.s you have...
Surely a man with a big, strong, dripping, throbbing brain such as yours pines for another one, yes?
Darn... I can't say no to another Ph.D...
The hot new science of the times was chemistry, and Layla was willing to pay out.
All I had to do was "donate" some of my blood from time to time.
Otherwise, I had the best books, highest quality equipment, and some of the best teachers at my disposal.
So this is another story about your Ph.D.s?
Is-
Is this not an interview about my Ph.D.s?
No.
It is not.
You can continue.
While I studied, the vampires continued to come and go.
Many of them visited from all around the world and had traveled great lengths.
Some brought me treats or candies from their homelands. Others would quietly stare before shuffling off.
For a period there was even one, Eskender, who would come all the way from Abyssinia.
He would pop into my study for a chat each time he visited and ask about my research. 
We would sometimes have philosphical conversations that went on well into the night.
When I completed my studies, everyone seemed a little too excited.
I was hoping to apply the knowledge to my backgrounds in medicine or engineering. But Layla had other plans...
Darling Edmund how was chemistry.
It was great.
Unlike alchemy. Which was wrong.
Yeah okay whatever.
As you know, I have regular clientele that visit this castle from afar.
They come in search of a very particular product.
One they can usually only get from beyond the seas, which we've been importing for some time...
...but which would be not just more economical but hugely lucrative to synthesize in-house.
You mean they don't have to pillage Afghanistan to mine lapis lazuli anymore?
What? No. It's drugs. 
I'm talking about drugs.
Idiot.
Drugs for vampires, huh?
Look. This German guy came up with this cutting edge wacky stimulant class called amphetamines.
But these vampires were so old, they didn't even know what heroin was.
So I mainly made that.
So not really????
By this time I already had an active warrant out for my arrest.
It's not like my record could get any worse.
I'm licensed, and I had been licensed since before I went to the castle.
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
He sighs.
You know, they're not all bad...
Also I'll do anything for a paycheck.
The more drugs I made, the more vampires came. The more vampires came, the rowdier they got.
And after certain crowd came in, Eskender stopped visiting.
Now, this new group didn't just stare.
They were obsessed with asking me when I was going to become a vampire so it would "fix" my complexion.
"Yikes on bikes..."
Adorable.
It was becoming unbearable, and I had started drafting up plans to leave it all behind...
Until one day.
What if we rounded up all of the humans and started breeding them like cattle?
That would keep me fed for an eternity!
...
...
Okay that's enough.
What Layla didn't know was when I wasn't in the lab, I was building and collecting weapons.
And working out. I was also working out a lot.
Wow...
All of the schmucks in Layla's castle were just too drunk, high, or both to notice.
So when the time came for me to show my hand...
I made quick work of that frat house.
You defeated them all?
Every last one of them was either staked, silvered, or garlicked.
I swiped her valuables too. Since she wasn't gonna need them anymore...
Technically it was ALSO MINE. WE made that money.
TOGETHER.
Is he... sulking?
She loved jewels and precious stones and things. Had a lot of art in there, too.
I took those to repatriate.
Other than money, I had to take my research.
There was a little recipe I was working on that produced a brilliant blue pigment...
You might know her.
You take diligent notes of his vampire exploits.
You're particularly in awe of the way he stood up to Layla the Terrible...
Although it sounded like his feelings toward that time were more complex than he let on.
What was up with that?
Hey.
You look up from your notebook.
Do your job.
You've been letting me yap too much with no direction.
He's right. He's ready for your next question.
...only, you spent your best question already. It was the one about the immortality deal.
And his answer kind of sucked.
You reach back into the recesses of your mind for an interview question that could inspire a tale as riveting as the one he just told...
Tell about a time you struggled.
What was that!?
You want to press your fists into your forehead, but you've got to keep your composure.
Luckily, it looks like something in his brain is turning...
You want to hear about my English Literature degree.
I don't want to hear about the degree.
At all.
But the setting sounds primed for adventures.
You could talk about that.
All right, no problem...
When I enrolled at the university, they gave me the option to have an apartment out by myself.
But I was tired of living in countryside inns and small hostels after leaving the vampire castle, so I instead took the option to get a roommate.
My roommate... Пётр Александрович Соколов.
He really thought he was going to be somebody important and would make everyone call him by his full name.
...but he let me call him [petya_dn].
What, [petya_dn]?
Seriously, how do you do that?
I open my mouth and say the sounds using the tongue God gave me.
I thought you weren't religious.
And I thought I wouldn't have to explain speaking to person with a communications degree.
Close is certainly a way you could describe me and [petya_dn].
Sure.
It was closer than that.
Sure.
...It was closer than that.
I'm just curious if you two... were ever...
You know, if it wasn't just books you were studying.
...
You bite your lip a little too hard. It starts to hurt...!
To make it feel better (and to hide that you did that), you lick it with your tongue...
But to Ed, it looks like you're salivating over the thought of him and his roommate.
To your credit, he doesn't seem to care.
You make a note of Ed's pretentious Russian [relationship].
Anyhow...
To call [petya_dn] obsessive and paranoid was an understatement.
He thought the students in his classics program were out to get him.
That people were writing magic spells in the library books, or leaving secrets only for him to find.
So why did you stick with him?
We were the only non-Anglo students in the school, so we just connected with each other, I guess.
And he really seemed to like me.
He was always asking me to help him study or cook. He confided in me a lot about the insane beef he had with his classmates and professors.
Let me guess: it was asinine and petty?
Absolutely. There was an endless stream of names for people whose many slights against him I couldn't keep track of.
This person looked at him and gave him the evil eye, that person chose to study an author he didn't think had any merit, so on and so forth.
 Still, he was affectionate to me...and he had nice hands...
I would feed him info and insights into the magical world while he lay with his back on my legs...
Info or lies?
Perfectly legitimate information.
Plus, I found his personality charming in a pathetic kind of way.
He was kind of like a really jittery dog that finally stopped shaking every time you pick it up.
But he was always barking at people.
Yes, you get it!
But soon, [petya_dn] started getting worse. He wasn't sleeping, he barely ate anything, and he stopped coming to our dinner nights.
One of his classmates had plagiarized a section from one of his papers, and that was a breaking point.
He completely and utterly lost his marbles.
Ed, you gotta help me man. I messed up.
What in the world!?
I don't even know what happened... I lost control of myself...
Y-you told me I should stand up for myself, but I... I went too far... he's...
[petya_dn].
I never told you to kill anybody.
I know, I know, but...
You gotta help me. Please? It'll be just like old times!
I couldn't say no to that, mainly because I was worried that if I didn't do anything, he was going to find a way to rope me in anyway.
So I figured it was better to take control of the situation myself...
What did you end up doing?
We framed the murder on someone else.
WHAT.
Some goofball studying this newfangled thing called computer science?
He didn't know what hit him.
WHEN WAS THIS!?
Later that night, we packed up and fled the country.
OH MY GOD?
What's the problem? You didn't seem to have a problem with all those vampires I slaughtered.
How so?
Well,
not all of them are.
Didn't I say that?
Ooh, good point.
You're clever.
When? I've been telling this story in fairly chronological order.
But computers didn't exist then.
You'd be right. Digital computers didn't exist.
So why computer science? It's such an obvious lie...
Can't you figure it out with that big ass forehead of yours?
So there were no "computers," per se, but he was interested in machine calculators and things like that.
In particular, he was obsessed with this Lady named Ada.
No, that's "Hedy."
Anyway...
Ada... Lovelace?
That's the one.
He's probably the first man ever to be, too, because computing and algorithms are for WOMEN! HA!
What's so funny?
Nothing.
Thought so.
Anyway...
Oh well.
It wouldn't have been as funny to say he was obsessed with this newfangled thing that would become computer science.
It's clunky.
It's more accurate.
Yeah, but the first one is true enough, isn't it?
...
...Okay, okay, fine. Don't look at me like that...
Okay, fine. What happened afterwards?
A relationship tested through the flames should be able to survive, right?
Not really. I guess we could only relate to each other through that brief period.
We were on the run together for a little while, but we decided to split up.
I tried to keep in contact with him, but after a few letters, I never heard from him again.
I can hardly imagine why. You helped him through so much.
If I'm being honest, I'm not too proud of what I helped him with!
He's laughing like it's a joke, but...
I can see why. You basically drove him to madness.
Huh? What makes you say that?
If I can be frank for a bit, he was already a nervous wreck.
He didn't need you filling his head with magic and sweet nothings.
E... excuse me...?
Anyway, if I had to relate it back to the question,
Oh! Right.
That.
You had nearly forgotten about the question (probably because it sucked).
the degree itself wasn't too tough since I had already seen Shakespeare's plays in person.
What I really struggled with was...
I don't know...
Sometimes I close my eyes and I see [petya_dn]'s sad wet little eyes.
And his hands and face covered in blood.
In like a creepy way?
No, it's really really attractive.
No, what the-
What's your problem!?
They weren't.
They were kind of awful...
But every time they left I felt like...
I felt like I had a gaping hole in my heart.
You tilt your head in interest.
You wish you could fill that hole...
Don't go getting ideas about filling any holes.
H-hey!
Anyway. That's what comes to mind...
All right.
You start to notice a theme emerging in the tales he's spinning.
Although, you're having trouble telling fact from fiction...
It could be a mere fluke, so you decide to prompt him one last time, just in case it doesn't show...
But you're sure it will.
I, 
like, 
feel really objectified by that question.
I was being facetious.
Even still.
Sorry. Let me try that again...
You're two-for-two on jackass behavior in the same in-game menu.
I'm trying to hint at something.
You could be a little more subtle.
That didn't net you an answer.
You try to reword your prompt so that it's less confrontational.
Well of course not!
The only reason anyone would become immortal is to spend more time enjoying the pleasures of human life.
Or take over the world.
No one who wanted to take over the world would waste time doing interviews for a publication as dubious and unreliable as yours.
They'd be too busy taking over the world. And your [othersword] boss would glaze them for free.
No offense to you.
None taken.
The paper has a slant.
Yeah, a big one. It's harming your credibility.
What interests you in this dubious, unreliable paper, though?
You.
Oh...!
You said something interesting just now, though...
Hm?
You return to the big gap you left for the immortality deal. You're starting to recontextualize it in your head...
You add "wants to be around other people" to the comically short list of bullet points—right underneath the part where he ran the scam.
But he talked about it so briefly...
You try to reword your prompt so that it's more specific.
Is there a moment would you say is emblematic of your biggest fear?
What?
Why not just ask me my biggest fear?
Because I have a feeling I already know what it is!
Also, if I've got you pegged correctly, you wouldn't answer a question like that, now would you?
True.
You thought you saw him light up for a fraction of a second at the sound of a certain word...
Okay, here goes.
I moved to Los Angeles.
Really? Okay.
You look at him, expecting him to continue after chuckling along with you. But he doesn't laugh.
In fact, he seems to have taken you quite literally and refuses to speak more about his time in L.A.
You stare at him.
He stares at you.
You stare at him...
He stares at you.
You don't care if you've done this song and dance before.
This is really the end of the interview.
You thank him for his time, and you leave the coffee shop.
Where was I supposed to go?
Ohio?
You nod your head in concession.
I had spent decades in countries with rotten weather when I decided I'd finally had enough.
I needed to go somewhere with warm winters.
Besides, the talkies had just come out and I wanted to have some fun.
At the movies.
Yeah.
So what got you interested in film?
In truth, I became interested in film when I realized someone had brought one back in time to scare and confuse me.
About what?
The time travel.
Is it that hard to believe?
It's pretty freaking hard to believe.
Really? Cuz I haven't even told you about the Trickster God Wars.
Do you wanna hear about the Trickster God Wars?
I'll pass.
That's okay. Some other time, then.
Maybe over dinner.
It probably changed my life forever.
So I would say it's pretty good.
What was the movie?
1986's Blue Velvet (dir. David Lynch).
Oh, wow!
I'd love to watch it with you some day.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I wouldn't watch that movie with you.
...not yet, at least.
Maybe 
Challengers would be more your speed.
Oh.
(Does she know...?)
So my first day in the city, I was approached by someone on my walk to the grocery store.
I had just the look Hollywood was going for. Handsome but approachable, charming, and soft.
Ed, if I'm to believe you, that means that you were playing the black gentleman some 20 years before Sidney Poitier ever started acting.
He got it from me.
Did he now?
Yeah, he was quoted as once having said,
"That [actor] Ed is probably greatest to ever do it."
That is not what he said.
Yeah.
Maybe not.
I'd compliment the ladies and the men on screen. I had the potential to be a star and I figured—yeah, why not.
My first role was as a man in a ballroom who is sitting at a table waiting for his date.
The lead actress comes up to me and asks if my seat is free. I prop my arm around my chair and smile at her and say,
"Not right now, darling, but I might have some space later."
I delivered that line and my fate was sealed.
Critics raved, "Who is that background actor with a single voiced line? Really pulls the whole film together."
Audiences couldn't get enough of me.
Now that you mention it, I remember seeing this movie.
I had to watch it for an elective I took in college.
So how much of this story do you already know?
Not much. You can continue.
Suddenly I was the hottest guy anyone had seen or heard of in the motion picture business.
The best friend in a screwball comedy, the uncle in a serious play adaptation, the romantic lead—
the roles just kept on coming.
Not to brag, but I was absolutely killing it in all of them.
Everyone praised my ability to command a scene, the ease with which I held myself,
the casual and charming way that I talked about the 1700s like I had been there for it.
Everyone loved me.
They all loved you, you say?
Yeah, they loved me a bit too much, because here's where it starts to get wacky.
I lived in a modestly-sized house tucked away in this obscure little strip of land called Malibu.
I mostly kept out of the public eye and hardly engaged with my fans.
In a way, you could say I played hard to get. I thought it added to my gentlemanly charm.
But in retrospect, it may have ended up compounding the problem...
It all started with the after work drinks and cast wrap-up parties.
Day in and day out, I am surrounded by beautiful women and handsome men as far as the eye can see...
So I cave. And I buy people a few drinks here and there, and invite some of them over to my house...
Just some of them?
You trust this man too much.
No doubt.
He shifts in his seat a little bit.
So who were these people who had you in their favor? Anyone I know?
Well...
Rock Hudson, Anna May Wong, Katharine Hepburn, Eartha Kitt, James Dean,
Wow, that's-
Josephine Baker, Rita Hayworth, Paul Robeson, Anthony Perkins, Paul Newman...
...Zendaya
Zendaya? Seriously?
ok maybe not zendaya maybe like pedro pascal
Ed.
Okay.
The other ones were real.
I know.
Okay.
Just making sure.
...
I was having so much fun loving—and being loved—that I nearly forgot about the fact that it was the early 20th century in North America.
And actions like that have consequences.
You see, the first divorce you cause is kind of funny.
By the third, you start getting invited to the courthouse...
It's pretty hard to be the cause of over fifteen divorces and not get the attention of your boss.
Fifteen!?
The studio heads were [otherpword].
If I hadn't been with their wives, I had been with their wives' sisters, or their wives' sisters' husbands...
Or perhaps all of them at once.
Well, it's no wonder they were upset. I would be, too!
Yeah, but they couldn't fire me because I was loved by the public too much.
Plus, no one was worried about communists infiltrating Hollywood yet. So it's not like I was going to be blacklisted.
Besides, if I got banned from a set, I could just get one of my many lovers to sneak me back in.
In spite of it all, you wound up on top.
That is, until the suits decided enough was enough.
Thirty eight divorces strong, I had to be stopped.
If they couldn't fire me, if they couldn't ban me from the studios, they had to take drastic measures:
they had to go to the United States government.
Movies were going too far, and a governing body had to be put in place to stop them.
You mean you caused the creation of the Hays Code!?
Well? Joke's on them. I retired with my millions and spent the rest of the 20th century unburdened and unbothered.
And alone.
...
Yeah. And alone.
Much later, I went and got a Ph.D in film studies.
It was pretty easy since I was there for all of it.
So you just collect degrees, just because?
What? No. No one does that.
No one? I don't know how true that is.
You know what...? You could be right.
Maybe there's someone out there who wants a doctorate to affirm their gender.
So you got your Ph.D. Again.
Yes there's more I got more Ph.Ds.
Sigh. Again with the Ph.Ds?
This is getting out of hand.
Ed, I don't know if we have this much time to dedicate to all of your postgraduate degrees.
Really? Because I've been blowing a lot of hot air on [sword] that really doesn't matter.
The Ph.Ds are the most important part.
You decide to be frank.
Ed.
No one cares how many Ph.Ds you have.
Damn, okay.
Famous last words though.
You throw your hands up (in your head, so he can't see you doing it).
Whatever. More material is more material...
You throw your hands up (in your head, so he can't see you doing it).
Whatever. More material is more material...
It was the late 90s, a while after I got my Ph.D. in clinical psychology.
Where was this? Set the scene for me.
Well, the school looked a little different from a traditional campus...
Oh, and there were flags. There were definitely flags. On every building.
You'd be forgiven for thinking they were some kind of real estate firm and not a university.
Oh.
(I can definitely picture it now.)
I had just become a board-certified physician at the time, too, and my private practice was doing pretty well.
Since I had a bit of extra cash, I figured I could go back and do another program. One that was less sciencey.
Like I said, I was there, so it wasn't super difficult.
But, my god, the papers, and the records?
I was like, "Is this film studies or archaeology?"
It's called, "doing research," Ed.
But, you know, spending time in and out of libraries,
seeing patients,
robbing banks to pay for my girlfriend's HRT...
Oh, so now it's weird to want to support your girlfriend's transition.
I- 
I know what you're gonna say.
"But Ed, I was talking about the bank robbing part!"
I was! And I don't sound like that!
Likely story from someone who doesn't believe [homophobicbelief].
You're about to let the moment pass when you remember your trump card:
Look, if you're not a misogynist, name every woman.
...
See? It worked again! You decide to
[everywoman].
...
You tried to close your eyes so you wouldn't have to look at his smug, irritating grin.
But when you did, all you could see was him hitting the most ridiculous victory dance you could imagine.
You can't beat this guy...
Are you transphobic?
I'm not!
Wowwwwwwwww.
He notices you pouting...
Hey.
I'm just kidding.
Like Al Pacino's character in Dog Day Afternoon.
Like Al Pacino's character in Dog Day Afternoon?
He leans back in his chair and points at you.
Oh, I like this one.
Hehe...
To make a long story short, I had an amazing time in New York City.
Until I had to leave.
You had to leave? Why?
7/11.
Never forget.
Anyway, I knew it was about to get crazy over here, so I moved to London.
I got my most recent Ph.D. a few years later, in Africana Studies.
And I thought it was a very illuminating experience, but now I don't know how I feel about gynecology?
I taught there for the better part of two decades, and ended up working very closely with another professor who was also a witch.
She was deep in ghost research, which was a field of magic I had barely touched for a number of reasons.
...Reasons I would hope are obvious.
Early on in our stint together, keeping the magic a secret got to be really quite difficult.
You know, it's a university, so people ask questions.
"Can I have the key to the printing closet." "Why do you need library access after hours." "Aren't you the guy from Star War."
Things like that.
So we put on fake wedding bands. That made them mainly ask when we got married.
I see.
But you wouldn't pretend to marry someone you didn't like.
Oh boy. Don't even joke about that...
It took a while, but the theme finally re-emerged...
I floated the idea around, but I wasn't anywhere close to her level.
She said I was too immature for her.
She's a regular 30-something.
She's a 30-something, right now?
Yes.
So young!
Yes, it's embarrassing.
When did that happen?
Only a few years ago.
You're taking it like a champ.
I- 
Thank you.
What made you decide to come back from England?
Oh, you know...
philandering
Excuse me, can you say that again?
That again.
Sigh. Of course.
Of horse.
...
He stares at you.
You stare at him.
He stares at-
ENOUGH!
NO MORE STARING!
He stares at you.
You move on.
You nod along even though you didn't really hear what he muttered.
You have a feeling it was something embarassing like, "philandering,"
which is a funny word for "womanizing" because it sort of implies he's attracted to men.
Not that that's bad or anything.
It's not like you're homophobic.
So.
Based on that.
What would you say my biggest fear is?
Ouch.
You seem really sure about that.
Mm-hm.
Well then. Let me just touch up my notes...
You opened up your notepad and scribbled.
Hey.
Chill out, bro. You can't even see them.
If only he were a regular 30-year-old man and not a 600-something-year-old warlock.
You might have been able to marry him.
But then again, maybe not.
You shake your head. This one might trip you up...
Hey, uh, don't write that in there.
I have enough problems as it stands.
Now it's your turn to be smug.
No promises.
Don't write that. Even as a joke.
I must have gotten the wrong idea.
You think you see him roll his eyes...?
That includes you.
What!?
You quickly scratch that out and write "[cuteanimal]" in its place.
Yeah, that's what your boss says, but he knows how running cover for a warlock will reflect on it.
He's not an idiot. He knows about...
The Implication.
Hey, can you include a segment about my Ph.D.s?
You sigh.
Fine.
What!? What's so funny?
That's not a real degree.
What!?
I made it up.
Unbelievable!
What else did you make up!?
He makes a hissing sound by sucking in air through his teeth.
Well...
Did he study in the library or work in the library...?
You can't remember.
Finally, after a long afternoon of...
What would you even call your stories? Swashbuckling?
No I hate pirates.
Oh, okay. I'm asking because my inner monologue needs a little help with her vocabulary.
Your inner monologue is very charming.
You share a laugh.
It's funny because you can't actually hear it.
So what would you call your stories?
Try, "After a long afternoon of conversation."
Oh, that's good. Nice and simple... Thank you!
After a long afternoon of conversation, you arrived at the heart of your profile.
Yeah, that's about my net worth right now...
Not very liquid, are you?
I didn't expect to travel so much this year. I'm pretty much spent.
I see.
Maybe you should try not wasting your travel money coming to Minnesota.
Um...
Did you want the interview or not...
At some point I would have accepted an e-mail interview.
Or a video call.
You really think this could have been an e-mail?
H-hey, I don't regret doing this in person at all!
I'm just saying, it's so down-to-the-wire, and you barely made it out here as it stands...
It's about efficiency, you know? Anything could be an e-mail these days.
Well?
It couldn't be helped.
I had to see if you were really that beautiful in person.
I-I beg your pardon???
You get so flustered you forget to write anything down.
Dummy.
Really. I don't agree.
You shrug, then look back down at your notepad.
You purse your lips...
No no, it was two dollars.
I'm sure it's a lot when adjusted for inflation.
You decide to take this a bit more seriously.
Nope! Not what I wrote.
Sigh...
Well, yes, if there were ever a point where he had one.
You jot it down anyway because you can't think of anything else.
You look at the bags under his eyes.
You think to yourself, "Eyebags? More like eye luggage."
You snort, and then shake your head for laughing at your own joke.
Then you write,
"More than he could have ever imagined."
You uncovered your thesis through the one thing all of his tales had in common.
At the moment, though, you were a bit distracted by the surface-level elements.
Okay, like, yeah, but, like, not that.
At the moment, though, you were a bit distracted by the surface-level elements.
You finished taking your notes.
You put your reference material away, too.
...He looks relieved.
Well? That should be enough to write a pretty basic profile.
Basic? You don't mean to imply that there's more.
There absolutely is, but if I went into it, I'm certain we'd be here all night.
Truthfully, you wouldn't mind spending all night with him.
But you have a deadline, so.
Was there anything else you needed from me?
Yes, well, I just have one final question.
In all your stories, you've gone on about the who, the what, the how...
Why did you do it? Why did you decide to become an immortal wizard?
I was already a wizard before I became immortal.
Right, of course. But still. What motivates you?
Is it all those fun adventures? Money?
Were you trying to change the world?
What's the reason?
Or, at least, what's the reason you want the world to know?
Why did I do it, huh...?
That's a great question.
I, um...
I did it for love.
Love...?
Really?
Yes.
That's not weird... is it?
...
I guess it is, coming from someone like me.
I'm...
glad to hear that.
I noticed you had a partner for every story.
Or, at least someone you were very fond of, whom you seem to miss, even now.
Why do you say you did it for love?
It goes back to my first girlfriend.
...Actually, she was my fiancée.
She had warned against it beforehand. She said it wouldn't make me happy.
I went and did it anyway.
The way it works is that whenever I die, I come back in a few days or so...
But I never told her. I was too ashamed.
The day of the shipwreck was the first time I actually died. Well, "died."
So she never knew I was still alive.
I think that in the intervening years, I didn't want to replace her...
So all of my relationships ended up being really short-lived.
Because you thought you would find her again?
Right.
But you never did.
No, that's not true.
When we reunited, she had married someone else.
Oh...
Then she told me, "You're like how I was when I met you."
That kind of makes sense.
Mermaids live for much longer than humans do.
...You're smarter than I am.
I only see why she tried to talk me out of the deal some 200 years after I'd done it.
But she wasn't upset with me or anything. She just kind of... laughed.
She told me that if the connection is real, the love will be beautiful every time.
No matter how long or short the encounter is.
In the beginning, I thought did it for "love..."
What's more important to me is that it's the reason I'm still here.
When I think about it... even from before my life as... this...
That's all I ever really wanted.
So? What do you think?
Isn't it...?
She saved my life.
...
...
Of course.
And with that, you took the last of your notes.
The two of you stand up to leave the coffee shop...
But before you go, you feel his hand on your shoulder.
You turn around to face him.
About the interview... I found it
Bad? It was bad. It was a bad interview, wasn't it?
I knew it.
I knew the 
interview would be 
bad.
No, no! It wasn't bad. Just a tad... 
easy.
You could stand to be a little more skeptical.
Although, you almost had me...
Earlier, also, you had a thought... but you kept it to yourself.
Earlier, you had a thought... but you kept it to yourself.
I've had a lot of those...
What do you mean?
It was at the very beginning of our chat... I could sense you wanted to ask me something, but I guess you thought it would be rude.
...Had you asked, I might have told you about it around now.
Hmm...
And, well, I'm not the kind of guy to tell a woman she should smile more, but...
I'm not the kind of guy to tell a woman she should smile more, but...
Ah... how should I put this...?
I want to like you.
You blush. You want to like him too!
But if he "wants" to like you, does that mean he doesn't like you yet...? Uh-oh...
So, let's meet again. Same place, same time...
We could get to know each other a bit better.
And with that, he shuffles off.
You should probably head back, too.
As you turn around, you feel his hand on your shoulder.
You turn back to face him.
Listen here.
I like you. How come I've never heard of you before?
I suppose... it's just by chance. I mean, I've never had a lot of eyes on much of my work.
But you're clearly good at what you do. You want people to know that about you, right?
That would be nice...
Wouldn't it?
I...
I wouldn't have to answer to my good-for-nothing boss.
Exactly...!
Look, I'll cut to the chase.
I want to help you.
Oh! Really?
I mean, I don't know...
Help me... how?
Well... let me put it this way.
I think that... this profile your paper is doing...
I think it's going to make a killing. I think it's gonna make waves.
What do the kids say? It's gonna do numbers?
Well, what makes you say that?
Just by the sheer quality. You're keen. Observant.
Honest.
He's right, you know.
Your talent is a waste at this stupid joint.
But... why me? There are far more prolific writers doing way worse than I am.
There are far worse writers doing much better than you are, too.
...I never said anything about worse writers.
It's not what you said. It's what you didn't say.
"Prolific." Not learned, not talented. "Prolific."
In other words: just talk. They talk too much.
Not you, though.
I like you, so I'll help you. Simple as that.
And what do you get out of helping me?
Hm...
The satisfaction, I guess. A bit of comfort?
Wow. How selfless...
How can I be sure I can trust you?
Of course. That's very important. You hate lies. And I've proven I love lying.
You laugh idly.
I'll give you my name.
My real name.
And what do I give you?
Your word that you will keep it a secret.
It's... a security thing for me.
You don't call him José, by the way.
You let out the breath you've been holding.
Sure! Why not.
Good! Good. That means I can trust you with this.
Don't tell anybody that, by the way.
So... what do I do now?
You lock it in.
You stretched out your right hand for Ed to grab. He gives you a firm handshake.
You felt a tingle on the palm of your hand...
You raised your fist to chest height. He raises his to meet yours. You bump fists.
You felt a slight gust wind brush past your face and through your hair.
You had to stand on the tips of your toes to reach his face.
He holds you steady by your waist as you lean into him. You close your eyes.
Then, you feel his warm lips on yours.
...and once again.
You felt your heart flutter.
Ed...
Thanks for everything.
Don't even mention it.
As you leave the cafe, something starts to nag at you from the back of your mind.
He agreed when you said it would be nice if more people knew about your writing...
But you were sure you never said that aloud.
Sorry. I don't think I can accept your help.
That's all right... that's all right.
I hope you remember how many Ph.Ds I have, though. Cuz if you don't, tuh?
Well.
You'll never work in this field again.
How-
how can you be so sure?
Oh I'm sure. Of this, I am very certain.
And with that, he shuffles off.
You should head back, too.
My name is Aniedi Akpan.
My mother got it from a friend of hers...
"Akpan" just means "first-born son."
Wow...
What does "Aniedi" mean?
I was told it meant...
"Who is it?"
...
You wander into the office, almost in a trance.
You don't even notice your boss calling out for your attention. He seems perplexed as you saunter to your desk.
You mull on the last conversation you had before you left.
He was needlessly cryptic... wasn't he?
You wonder if anything will come of it.
Pleased with your findings, you returned to the office with your head held high. You had a brilliant idea for the profile.
You could even picture the final line of the article:
Even in a life full of tall tales, he kept a simple truth close to his heart.
There you are, you silly goosey goo! So what did you find out? Is he really the world's most credentialed man?
Well... 
I certainly talked to the man.
To be honest, I just wrote down everything he said.
I found out that [tidbit].
I also learned that [tidbit]...
And I'm pretty sure [tidbit].
Did you know he's actually a Libra and not a Virgo?
Kid.
You're tellin' me stuff we already heard!
Why? It's not like he was gonna say anything we haven't heard before.
What's that supposed to mean? So you were striking up friendly chatter instead of writing the article?
Um... I was under the impression that we hadn't written the profile yet because of the sheer amount of misinformation surrounding the individual.
No, no, we hadn't written the profile because we were waiting for the new keyboard to come in. Keep up!
Well, he sent me off with a tidbit I thought was really beautiful and true.
Really? Let's hear it.
He told me he had never forgotten the reason he became immortal.
He told me he'd done it for love. That was the one thing he desired most.
YAWNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN. Boring!
I thought it was nice...
I thought it was CORNY!
I have something else that...happened...if you'd rather hear about that?
Nope! Don't gaf.
SO! How many Ph.Ds did he earn?
um
what?
Your boss sighs.
How many Ph.Ds did he earn?
Are you serious?
Very.
Well- 
Your job depends on it. Just so you know.
Okay, don't forget to write that in. I'm counting on you!
Don't embarrass the paper!
You sit down and write the article exactly as you envision it.
When you're done, you submit it, and you go home.
Some weeks after the profile went live, you got a call from your boss.
Hey, um.
I wanted to say congratulations. The article is doing pretty well.
People are saying some parts aren't true...
That's cuz I, uh... embellished your article a bit. By the way.
Just here and there! To spruce things up a bit, y'know? Nothin' too crazy.
Which is, y'know, to be expected for a guy with such a history. Misinformation, like you said.
I'm sure it was tough to get the truth out of him.
I know how you feel about lying and inaccuracies. How it makes you feel queasy and all that.
So, to clear your conscience, I went ahead and left your name off the byline.
Don't worry, you'll get a bonus for the accurate reporting on the Ph.Ds.
You're welcome!
He hangs up.
You reached the good ending...?
Some weeks after the profile went live, you got a call from your boss.
Hey, um.
Did you go and count the number of doctoral degrees or the number of Ph.Ds?
Cuz I asked for Ph.Ds... and I get that he has an M.D...
...but an M.D. isn't a Ph.D.
So, you're fired. Totally super mega ultra fired. For embarrassing the paper.
Don't check Glitter.
He hangs up.
Glitter is Magic Twitter.
It also has a significantly higher proportion of gay stans. Vicious gay stans.
It's the highest on the Internet, unfortunately for you.
When your boss told you not to check Glitter, it's because he knew they were eviscerating you on there.
So you log on to check, against your better judgement.
You immediately find the post. It's got one william likes. The quote gleets are eating you up...
As it turns out, a Dr. Yetunde Olu, former colleague and ex-girlfriend of Ed, wrote a response piece
wherein she comments that she can excuse the occasional tall tale, and even stops short of calling the piece laundering like many other critics have,
but she draws the line at misrepresenting the nature of his involvement in academia.
Among other things, she has revealed exactly how many Ph.Ds he's earned.
And it's not [finalanswer].
In the end, you, too, were a charlatan. A hack. A useful idiot—at best.
It was just as Ed had predicted.
You can never work in this field again.
You reached the bad ending.
Some weeks after the profile went live, you got a call from your boss.
Hey, um.
I want to say I'm sorry.
Followed by an unusual pause.
I'm sorry for doubting you, and-
Another pause. You hear shuffling on the other side of the line.
You're sure you hear your boss say "okay" over and over.
And I've been withholding tens of thousands of dollars in backpay which I- *shuffle* which I will deposit in your checking account.
Immediately.
He hangs up.
You've never heard him so stilted... and so scared...?
Just one more thing to pile on to the weird couple of weeks you've been having...
You thought back to the conversation you had with Ed, right before you left.
It seems like he was right: your article did incredibly well!
But it also seems like no one who read it knows what it actually said.
Everyone who talks to you about it says something wildly inaccurate.
And everyone says something different.
You've read it over and over every night since it was published. It's exactly as you remember it—
no tall tales,
no editorializing from your boss,
no inexplicable gaps in the narrative.
It should be a completely factual profile...
You continue your career as a magical biographer.
But you can't shake the queasy feeling you get from telling a lie for as long as you live.
You reached the secret ending...!
...and then it hits you.
You held the Valkyrie Compendium close when you interviewed him. It was your Bible.
But even it was inaccurate. No one in history has ever written a fully factual account of his entire life.
You would have been the first.
It has served him well to keep his past shrouded in fiction. It stands to reason that he couldn't afford to have an actual profile about him run—not even in the dinkiest paper this side of the Atlantic.
So he paid you off to bury the story.
Of course, he didn't do it by having you trash it. You would have refused.
He didn't have you or your boss change certain details, either. That would have been too obvious.
He put eyes on it, just like he said he would.
But he enchanted the story so it changes depending on who's looking at it.
Which effectively rendered it unreadable.
It was kind of the perfect plan...
He did end up helping you, in a way. You've enjoyed the increased cash flow.
But you still feel hurt and betrayed.
You shift around on your bed, struggling to hold back tears.
It feels like all of your attempts to break out on your own are zapped away by people who are cleverer and less scrupulous than you are.
You could take down the paper and revise it, but revise it to what? To be less factual?
Blood rushes to your tongue. Your mouth starts to salivate and your stomach churns.
You feel nauseous again...
Then you remember, you can make one last revision.
You still have his real name.
After a moment's hesitation, you dial the office. Someone picks up.
Before they have the chance to answer, you frantically blurt out,
I have a correction to run.
Really? You do?
You freeze. That's not the voice of your boss...
You... what are you doing at my job...?
Making sure you get paid.
What was the correction? I can relay the message.
You sputter. You know he knows what your "correction" was.
His real name. His real name.
Tell him his real name.
No, it's not that...! It's...
Aw. Is it running away from you?
You consider hanging up in a panic. But what good would that do?
You must have something you want to say to me.
You are absolutely livid. You have a lot you want to say to him.
You hesitate. Then you take a big breath, and 
Hey.
You know where to find me, right?
Come say it to my face.
He hangs up.
You drop your phone.
You stare it on the pillow.
You feel it staring back at you.
You let out a deep sigh. A really deep sigh...
Reluctantly, you sit upright and swing your legs off the side of your bed.
You've been holed up indoors all day today, so you're kind of a slob right now...
After you freshen up, you put on your shoes and schlep out the door.
You arrive at the office to a horrific sight.
Don't worry. He's fine.
Why did you have me come here?
He shrugs.
Don't like phone calls.
You are not in the mood for this. You cut right to the chase.
You tricked me.
Well, yes.
A beat.
Why!?
I'm a trickster. I trick people.
Did you forget? You were talking to the Agent of Chaos?
I didn't forget. Asshole.
Do you know that you robbed me of what would have been the greatest accomplishment of my life?
It would be the greatest accomplishment of anyone's life in your line of work.
I can't give it away that easily.
You scoff.
This isn't a game, you know?
So I'm going to ask you again, and this time,
don't be a smartass.
You vandalized my article. Why?
Security. Nothing personal.
Look, I was always gonna trash it if it was accurate enough.
Your boss does a great job of that already.
I just wanted to give you something extra, for a job well done. And, well...
I couldn't trust this guy to help me.
You sigh. He's right. Who can?
Do you feel better?
What? What a ridiculous question... He has no right to ask you that as the cause of your distress.
You look over his countenance and notice his eyes carry a twinge of remorse. In fact, his face hasn't changed the entire time you've been talking to him...
You don't think he's really sorry, is he? Even though he refuses to apologize?
It can't hurt to ask.
Apologize.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
That doesn't make me feel better.
Right! Because we love free money, don't we?
I'm sorry, little lady. I didn't mean to undermine you. But you understand now, right?
The truth is when he explained it to you, it made perfect sense. You just wish it didn't have to be this way.
I almost didn't do the interview. I was going to keep ghosting you and your press.
Everything about your publication and your boss [pword]ed me off.
And then I finally arrived and saw something that almost made walk out...
Walk out? What was it?
Your "reference material."
You scoff.
It's a [fword]ing book, man.
Get a grip.
When you said you liked me, was that a lie, too?
No.
Am I just another one of your stupid exes?
Maybe you'll give me a nickname, like you did with the vampire!
Please don't go there.
Maybe you don't want anybody knowing what kind of person you really are because you-
I wanted you to know...
What?
I wanted you to know... what kind of person I was. I wanted someone to know.
I 
It was like confessional.
Next time, try therapy...
Why did you agree to do it in the first place? I can't be that attractive.
...
Don't be so sure...
You have...
You do this thing where...
I mean WORDS! You have a way with WORDS!
Stop laughing! This is serious!
Of horse. You were neighing?
It's easier if it looks like I got one over on you.
You tell him about how he robbed you of your accomplishment from right under your nose.
You tell him of how he buttered you up to do it. How he tricked you.
The queasy feeling you can no longer escape. The embarrassment you feel for having helped launder his image.
Having written eighteen biographies now with nothing to show for it.
...How silly you feel for kissing him. How—in one afternoon!—you became just another one of his stupid exes.
You say you should have known. Of course you should have known.
You say you felt like a silly little girl for falling for a pretty face and some smooth talking.
You can now access the true ending.
What would you even do...? Fistfight him?
You figure you'll just take the money...
But... do you call him back and tell him you're not going?
Okay. You pick up the phone and call the office again.
It rings twice. Someone picks up.
Not coming?
No. You win.
Hm.
He stays on the line. You can hear him breathing.
That's not what I expected.
Why not? It's not like I can fight you.
Should I have been expecting a fight...?
How else do I get someone like you to take me seriously?
...I already take you seriously.
You think you hear his voice waver, but the compression on it from the phone call makes it difficult to tell.
Uncharacteristically, you resign yourself to bed. You're content to rot the rest of your day away.
You fall in and out of sleep, feeling groggier and more stiff each time you wake.
You can't quiet your thoughts.
You try to drown them out with more TV. But you can hardly hear the shows...
It's been however many hours of a day that feels like swimming through gelatin when you hear the doorbell ring.
You go to open it.
It's... a care package? With letters from your coworkers, too. You bring it inside.
It has your favorite snacks, a bouquet of flowers, and some ugly stuffed creature you're supposed to attach to your purse.
Hey, Kimmy!
Some guy told us you weren't feeling too good and got a bunch of us at the office to pitch in for a care package. Is he your boyfriend?
Of course, I'm just teasing! Sorry to hear you're not feeling well. Hope you feel better soon!
- Amber <3
Kimberly
I won't have our best writer "in a funk," like that strange, sad man told me you were today. You'd better straighten up soon.
- Marc
It's you!
This must be from the artist you met at the courthouse...
You put the letters back in the basket.
You felt a little better.
